Privacy Policy{
    What do we do with your information?{
        When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. 
        When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. 
        Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
    }
    Consent
    How do you get my consent? {
        When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. 
        If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
    }
    Age of consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.



        commercejs
Our store is hosted on commercejs Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. 
Your data is stored through commercejs’s data storage, databases and the general commercejs application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.

Payment: 
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then commercejs stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. 
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. 
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. 
For more insight, you may also want to read commercejs’s Terms of Service (https://www.commercejs.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.commercejs.com/legal/privacy).

}




------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------











Delivery Policy
Free standard shipping to South Africa on orders over R1000
No promo code required - free standard shipping is automatically applied at checkout.

Free shipping is a limited promotion and not available for orders delivered outside South Africa.

DELIVERY TIMES AND COSTS
It will take 7 business days for your product to get to you. Please take note that, according to Bogart man courier service agreement, all orders will only check out on Tuesdays and Thursdays for delivery.

South Africa
Standard Shipping: FREE for orders over R1000 - All standard orders will be processed and dispatched from our warehouse immediately.
TRACKING YOUR ORDER
You will receive an email with a tracking number that can be used to check your parcel’s progress. To track your parcel and get an estimated delivery time, just follow the link in the tracking email.

DELIVERY CONDITIONS
You will need to sign for your order when it arrives. If you are not available to sign for your order, Bogart Man will leave a note with instructions for pick up from a designated Bogart Man Store.
While we do everything we can to ensure your order is delivered in a timely manner, we will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred by any person as a result of delay caused by our carrier that we have no control over or by any event which is out of our reasonable control or foresight including but not limited to any delay caused by an incorrect delivery address being provided to us.
If any items in your order are out of stock at the time your order is packed, we will notify you via email and refund you for those items.
Problems with your order?
We want you to have the best online shopping experience, so if you have any problems with your order, please let us know on (011) 262-8819 / 083-5987-297 or send an email to onlineshop@bogart.co.za







------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------






Refund policy
 Exchanges
No cash refunds on any purchases. we will gladly exchange goods within 14 days.
Please make sure to keep your receipt.
Items to be in original condition.

Black Friday 
No Refunds, No exchanges on Black Friday Purchases.

Returns

Our policy lasts 14 days. If 14 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.

To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.

Additional non-returnable items: 
Gift cards or coupon discounted items
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase. Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.

There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable) 


Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error. Any item that is returned more than 7 days after delivery

  

Late or missing refunds (if applicable)

If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. 
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted. 

Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted. 
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@bogart.co.za.

 

Sale items (if applicable)

Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.

 

Exchanges (if applicable)

We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at info@bogart.co.za and send your item to:

30 on 14th Street, Eastgate Gardens Commercial Park, Marlboro Gardens Johannesburg Gauteng ZA 2090.

Gifts

If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.

If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.

 

Shipping

To return your product, you should mail your product to:

30 on 14th Street, Eastgate Gardens Commercial Park, Marlboro Gardens Johannesburg Gauteng ZA 2090

You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.

Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.

If you are shipping an item over R1000, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.

 









------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Terms & Conditions
This website is operated by Bogart Man. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Bogart Man. Bogart Man offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.

By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink.

These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.

Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website.

It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.

 
General conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. 
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
 
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
 
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.

Accuracy, complteness and timeliness of information
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. 

This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.

Modifications to the service and prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. 
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. 
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

Products or services (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. 
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any colour will be accurate.
 
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.

Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. 
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

Accuracy of billing and account information
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address.

In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.

You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.

Optional tools
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. 

You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. 

Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). 

We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.

Third-Party links
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. 

Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. 

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.

User comments, feedback and other submissions
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us.

We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. 

We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website.

You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.

Personal information
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.

Errors, inaccuracies and omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability.

We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). 

We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.

Prohibited uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.

Disclaimer of warrenties; Limitation of liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. 
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. 

You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. 
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. 

In no case shall Bogart Man, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility.

Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

 

Image Disclaimer
The product images shown may represent the range of product, or be for illustration purposes only and may not be an exact representation of the product. The products attributes e.g. the style, sizes, colour etc. vary with each unique product. Bogart Man will send exact images upon request and if available from stock. We recommend that customers unfamiliar with the products please do so accordingly.

Please contact our customer care department to request a sample image if required: info@bogart.co.za

Bogart Man reserves the right to change product images at any time without notice.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bogart Man and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.

Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. 
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. 

If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

Entire agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 

These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). 

Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.

 

Top 25 Disclaimer
Applicants entering the Bogart Top 25 campaign, agrees and authorizes the re-use and distribution of their submitted application photos on all Bogart Social Media channels.

The Top 25 photo entries will only be deemed a valid if only the applicant is visible in the photo (no photobombing).

Furthermore, no current or formerly employed Bogart employees are allowed to take part in the Bogart Top 25 competition.

Gift Cards
Please note: Gift vouchers are only available for bogart man online and can not be used in-store.

Governing law
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 14th Street, Eastgate Gardens Commercial Park, Marlboro Gardens Johannesburg Gauteng ZA 2090.

Changes to terms of service
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. 

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes.

Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Black Friday & Cyber Monday
These Terms and Conditions apply to the Bogart Man Black Friday & Cyber Monday promotions:

1.a The Black Friday Promotions will begin at 12.00 am (GMT) on 23 November 2020 (the “Start Date”) and closes at 11.59 pm (GMT) on 27 November 2020 (the “End Date”). Discounts will only be valid during this time. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount or promotion or be applied retrospectively.

1.b The Cyber Monday Promotions will begin at 12.00 am (GMT) on 30 November 2020 (the “Start Date”) and closes at 11.59 pm (GMT) on 30 November 2020 (the “End Date”). Discounts will only be valid during this time. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount or promotion or be applied retrospectively.

2. The Black Friday Promotional Offers are only valid on www.bogart.co.za

3. Order processing can take up to 10-14 working days depending on the products ordered.

6. All prices are as shown on the site. Discounts have already been calculated and reflected in the ‘Was’ price.

7. All purchases are "first come, first serve", there is no guarantee of a successful purchase of products in your cart if another customer has completed checkout of limited stock products first.

8. You will receive an email when your order has been processed.

Contact information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at info@bogart.co.za.

 DPO MINIMUM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Detailed description of goods and/or services:

Bogart Man is a business in the Retail industry that sells mens' clothing.

2. Delivery policy:

Subject to availability and receipt of payment, requests will be processed within 7 days and delivery confirmed by way of email or message.

3. Export restriction: 

The offering on this website is available to South African clients only.

4. Return and Refunds policy:

The provision of goods and services by Bogart Man is subject to availability. In cases of unavailability, Bogart Man will refund the client in full within 30 days. Cancellation of orders by the client will attract a 20% administration fee.

5. Customer Privacy policy:

Bogart Man shall take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information of users. For the purpose of this clause, "personal information" shall be defined as detailed in the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (PAIA). The PAIA may be downloaded from: http://www.polity.org.za/attachment.php?aa_id=3569

6.Payment options accepted:

Payment may be made via Visa, MasterCard, Diners or American Express Cards or by bank transfer into the Bogart Man's bank account, the details of which will be provided on request.

7.Card acquiring and security:

Card transactions will be acquired for Bogart Man via PayGate (Pty) Ltd who are the approved payment gateway for all South African Acquiring Banks. DPO PayGate uses the strictest form of encryption, namely Secure Socket Layer 3 (SSL3) and no Card details are stored on the website. Users may go to www.paygate.co.za to view their security certificate and security policy.

8.Customer details separate from card details:

Customer details will be stored by Bogart Man separately from card details which are entered by the client on DPO PayGate’s secure site. For more detail on DPO PayGate refer to www.paygate.co.za.

9.Merchant Outlet country and transaction currency:

The merchant outlet country at the time of presenting payment options to the cardholder is South Africa. Transaction currency is South African Rand (ZAR).

10.Responsibility:

Bogart Man takes responsibility for all aspects relating to the transaction including sale of goods and services sold on this website, customer service and support, dispute resolution and delivery of goods.

11.Country of domicile:

This website is governed by the laws of South Africa and Bogart Man chooses as its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents or communication of whatsoever nature, onlineshop@bogart

12. Variation:

Bogart Man may, in its sole discretion, change this agreement or any part thereof at any time without notice.

13. Company information:

This website is run by tornovert pty ltd (sole trader / private company / close corporation) based in South Africa trading as Bogart Man and with registration number 2014/084194/07 and  Domenico Picone (Director(s)/Member(s)/Owner(s)).

14.Bogart Man contact details: 

Company Physical Address: 27-5th street, wynberg, sandton

Email: silence@bogart.co.za

Telephone: 0112628809










